Add the 2201.10.0 release note for supporting package resources (#9223)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.10.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Improvements

> - With this update, resources have been moved to the package level and module-level resources are deprecated. Resources available in module resource paths will be ignored. To be recognized as valid, any existing module-level resources must be relocated to the resources directory in the package root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resources are now expected at the package level, and module-level resources are no longer supported. Resources that were previously included at module-level, have to be moved from modules to the package root to continue to be identified as resources.
```

Is deprecated correct? May imply it's still supported?

>   Any resources within the current package, as well as those exported from package dependencies, can now be accessed through an interop function.

Reviewer: Do we need this? Should the user write this? If so, not sure if we should emphasize it in the release note.

Author: Added this as a note with 2bcdfaa

### Improvements

> - Resources are now expected at the package level, and module-level resources are no longer supported. Resources that were previously included at module-level, have to be moved from modules to the package root to continue to be identified as resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resources are now expected at the package level, and module-level resources are no longer supported. Resources that were previously included at module-level have to be moved from modules to the package root to continue to be identified as resources.
```

>   >**Note:** Any resources within the current package, as well as those exported from package dependencies, can be accessed through an interop function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  >**Note:** Any resources within the current package, as well as those exported from package dependencies, can be accessed via an [external function](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/interface-to-external-code/).
```
